Refer example.py for an example script to run the longitudinal MDMR.
MDMR.py is called from example.py

Procedures in example.py:
1. Setup
The script read the data list from example/DataList.csv file.
The list includes preprocessed fMRI files and regressor values, which will be
used to make a design matrix for MDMR.

line 40, 'MNI152_T1_2mm_brain_mask.nii.gz'
The brain mask file should be in the same space (MNI) as the preprocessed
function images, while the voxel resolution can be different.

line 41, 'aseg.nii.gz'
Segmentaion image made by FreeSurfer for MNI brain.

2. Mask and downsampling
This process need AFNI commands.
The process includes resampling mask images (lines 68-), downsampling function
images (lines 93-), and downsampling gray matter mask to create the MDMR mask.
MDMR analysis will be done within the MDMR mask.

3. Make connectivity matrices from downsampled images
Connectivity matrix is calculated and saved in numpy binary file.
Then, the data is loaded as memory-mapped data.

4. Make the design matrix
Make the design matrix for MDMR.
R functions are used to make the matrix, X.
Edit the model equation at line 219 according to the analysis.

For a longitudinal analysis, 'SubjID' is included in the model to exclude the
subject-wise average and test within-subject change between the sessions.
Intercept is excluded from the model ('-1' in the equation) because the
subject-wise average regressors have excluded the mean.

lines 253-, Set nuisance variables
Variables other than the nuisance variables are considered as the effect of
interest. Permutation will be perfomed for the effect of interest variables in
permutation test. The sum of effect of interest variables will be saved in the
result.

lines 264-, Set exchangability block
Exchangability blocks define the blocks of permutation test. To make a null
distiribution, the order of sessions are permuted within a subject
(permute within the same value in exchBlk['within_block']), and then the order
of subject is permuted keeping a block of subject (permute the order of blocks
in exchBlk['whole_block'])

5. Run MDMR
Run the MDMR analysis and save the results in a pickle file and NIfTI image.

lines 302-304, Set the parameters of MDMR.
metric: metric of distance matrix between the connectivity maps. Any metrics
defined in scipy.spatial.distance.pdist can be used. Default is 'euclidian'
distance.
chunk_size: Size of chunk; number of voxels processed at once. Reduce this
number if available memory space is limited. chunk_size == None (default) means
all data are processed at once.

6. Cluster size permutation test
Permutation test for evaluating the cluster-size corrected threshold.
The results will be saved in example/stats/*ClusterThrPerm.[contrastname].txt
file. Row is a voxel-wise p value and column is a corrected p value.








